DEVDOCS-3922 (edit): Amend subscription foundation (#1585)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/partner/subscriptions/foundation-guide.md

# Subscription Foundation

> Subscription Foundation delivers an [open source framework](https://github.com/bigcommerce/subscription-foundation) for BigCommerce customers to subscribe to products and services. It provides a template for custom subscription billing and invoicing solutions for your business or client. Subscription Foundation includes a default integration with Stripe Billing, which can significantly accelerate your development time. 

Author: ```suggestion
Subscription Foundation delivers an [open source framework](https://github.com/bigcommerce/subscription-foundation) for building BigCommerce apps that empower shoppers to subscribe to products and services. It provides a template for custom subscription billing and invoicing solutions for your business or client. Subscription Foundation includes a default integration with Stripe Billing, which can significantly accelerate your development time. 
```
